---
author: "Daniele Rondina"
date: 2023-03-21
linktitle: Phoenix 23.03.02 is out!
menu:
  main:
title: Macaroni OS Phoenix 23.03.02 is out!
tags:
  - macaroni
  - release
  - phoenix
weight: 5
---

After receiving the first notifications we caught an issue
in our last ISOs related to the split of the Grub package done to divide
the grub-emu binary. It's been removed for error the Grub's patches
related to ext4 1.47.0 and of Macaroni initramfs naming.

Without the patch the default installation fails on setup grub because
it's used ext4 and an `unknown filesystem` error is generated by grub.

The new ISOs will be available in two days.

Unlucky, to build the ISOs with the stable repositories at the moment we need
to wait that the stable repositories to be synced to our CDN and main mirror.

We have planned to integrate the `repetitors` feature to luet
that will permit to reduce the outgoing traffic when it's used
Macaroni for CD/CI and for us, to test stable repository before
sync it to master.

Sorry for this issue.

Behind this fix, I fixed the URL reported in the Calamares installer
that was yet with the old domain `macaroni.funtoo.org`.

See [previous](https://www.macaronios.org/blog/phoenix-23.03.01/) post for the
details about changes.

# We waiting for you

We waiting for you in our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/AMuVCRZEvG).

# Thanks

Many thanks to all Funtoo devs that are the sap of all this and to all
people that helps us with testing and donations.

# Support Us

Any user that wants to support our work for Macaroni could do this through the
Github [Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/geaaru).

